Update link to Wikipedia in `Web/API/HTMLAnchorElement/hash` (#34575)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlanchorelement/hash/index.md

{{ APIRef("HTML DOM") }}

The **`HTMLAnchorElement.hash`** property returns a string containing a `'#'` followed by the fragment identifier of the URL.

> The fragment is [URL encoded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percent-encoding). If the URL does not have a fragment identifier, this property contains an empty string, `""`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fragment is [percent-encoded](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Percent-encoding). If the URL does not have a fragment identifier, this property contains an empty string, `""`.
```
